README.rst, before:

====================
django-kittenstorage
====================
kittenstorage is a so called *development storage engine*.

Many people have the problem with gigantomanic production databases with 
gigabytes of pictures/files. It is a pain to keep the image files synchronised 
between development and production environments. 

Therefore I have written this storage engine. In case a file is not found, 
an image from placekitten.com_ will be used/displayed
instead.

Setup
=====
It's on pypi.

    ``pip install django-kittenstorage``

Feel free to clone from github too. Forking is welcome as well :-)

In your django settings file:

    ``DEFAULT_FILE_STORAGE = 'kittenstorage.storages.GreyKitten'``

Storage Engines
===============
kittenstorage offers two engines:

1. ``kittenstorage.storages.GreyKitten``
2. ``kittenstorage.storages.ColorKitten``

Choose depending on the saturation you want. I prefer ``GreyKitten`` since it 
does have a pretty classy look.

Settings
========
There is only one setting:

KITTEN_SIZE  
    Default: ``(1024, 1024)``

    A tuple of format `(width, height)`, specifiying the size of the image 
    requested from placekitten__.


.. _placekitten.com: http://placekitten.com/
__ placekitten.com_

Commit message:

added dogstorage reference to readme

README.rst, after:

====================
django-kittenstorage
====================
kittenstorage is a so called *development storage engine*.

Many people have the problem with gigantomanic production databases with 
gigabytes of pictures/files. It is a pain to keep the image files synchronised 
between development and production environments. 

Therefore I have written this storage engine. In case a file is not found, 
an image from placekitten.com_ will be used/displayed
instead.

If you are sick of dogs, you might want to check out _django-dogstorage_.

Setup
=====
It's on pypi.

    ``pip install django-kittenstorage``

Feel free to clone from github too. Forking is welcome as well :-)

In your django settings file:

    ``DEFAULT_FILE_STORAGE = 'kittenstorage.storages.GreyKitten'``

Storage Engines
===============
kittenstorage offers two engines:

1. ``kittenstorage.storages.GreyKitten``
2. ``kittenstorage.storages.ColorKitten``

Choose depending on the saturation you want. I prefer ``GreyKitten`` since it 
does have a pretty classy look.

Settings
========
There is only one setting:

KITTEN_SIZE  
    Default: ``(1024, 1024)``

    A tuple of format `(width, height)`, specifiying the size of the image 
    requested from placekitten__.


.. _placekitten.com: http://placekitten.com/
__ placekitten.com_
